# YelpAPI

Yelp is an application that is publicly-sourced so that users can create/find reviews, recommendations, and vast amounts of other information about services in their area. These services mostly include local restaurants and bars, however they may also be other types of businesses given a location and a search radius. The Yelp Fusion API (Application Programming Interface) gives developers free, public access to the great depth and breadth of data that Yelp collects. Developers can both incorporate Yelp’s features into their own applications as well as run various analytics to evaluate the millions of businesses that are currently on Yelp. The purpose of this project is to use the Fusion API in conjunction with the Python programming language to create a terminal application that will display desired information about business’ to users. This includes business locations, phone numbers, hours, menus, and reviews. Moreover, the application will allow the user to enter these data to find a service that matches their specifications. For example, the user may enter a phone number, and the business that matches that number will be displayed. Often times, Yelp ratings (0-5 stars) for services can be misleading for many different reasons (small sample size, bitter customers, etc.). Because of this, this application will use text mining analytics to inform the user on how people are actually talking about the service over the time they have been on Yelp. Ultimately the application will be converted from being entirely terminal based, to running on the web (html) with an improved interface.
